♪ ♪
[Gene] The French toast
is exquisite today.
- Your father made it.
- You made it?
It's so good
I assumed it was frozen.
Uh, thank you?
So, have you thought any more
about the contest, Dad?
Ready to change your maybe
to a yes?
Here's the flyer
for it again in case
you need to refresh your memory.
I'm familiar
with the flyer, Louise.
You taped it to my face
after I fell asleep last night.
- Yes.
- And I don't think you're
supposed to take things off
the community center
bulletin board.
How else do you expect me
to get a fun
senior water aerobics poster?
There are no good ones on eBay.
Have you even read
the flyer, Dad?
- Yeah.
- Read it again. Here we go.
[moans]
"Come enter the Father-Daughter
"Boogie Board Battle
for a fun day in the sun,
hosted by Little Squirts
Surf Shirts."
And it says first prize
is a hundred bucks.
That's a lot of cheddar.
"Cheddar" means money, right?
- On the streets?
- [Linda] Yeah, sure, Tina.
Too bad it's only
for 12 and under.
I'd get'er that cheddar.
It also says everyone
who enters gets
a free Little Squirts
Surf Shirt.
Better be a new one, before
it gets any squirts on it.
Uh, but we don't have
boogie boards, so--
Well, the flyer says
they have loaners.
- Oh.
- Come on. You, me, next weekend
and a hundred smackers
that we split.
Or you just give it all to me
because it's kind of weird
- to split money with a child.
- Hmm.
And didn't Mom say
you actually used to be good
- at boogie boarding, somehow?
- He was.
How? Was your body
different then?
- Or was water different?
- Actually, your father's got
- the perfect body
for boogie boarding.
- Thank you, Linda.
He's very buoyant. Like a seal.
How come we've never
seen you do it?
[muffled grunting]
Well, uh,
we opened the restaurant,
and then, uh, we had kids,
and I guess life happened.
- But did it, though, for you?
- Louise...
I mean, there was also
that other thing
- that happened.
- [Gene] What thing?
World War II? I'm not sure
how old you guys are.
I think what your mom's
referring to is, one time,
- I had a pretty vicious wipeout.
- He had a little incident--
- Little incident?
I almost drowned.
- Drowned?
You were in six inches of water.
Yeah, deadly inches.
I saw that, Lin.
You just shook your head.
No, I didn't.
What's that over there?
- [Tina] Hmm?
- Linda, I didn't even look
where you were pointing.
I did. What did I miss?
Honey, I believe
you believe it was scary.
It was. It...
Everyone, it was. You know what?
- I-I'm not talking
about it anymore.
- Good.
Well, what do you say,
ready to get back on the board?
Win a hundred bucks?
And my love?
- Um...
- Yeah?
- All right, yes. Okay, fine.
- Ho, ho, yes.
- Hmm.
- Good choice, good choice.
It's the triumphant return
to the ocean
for the voluptuous Seal-Man.
[Teddy moans]
I love eating.
- We know you do.
- Did I say that out loud?
- Y-You did.
- So, your birthday's
this weekend.
And remember
what you said last year.
So what'd you end up doing
for your birthday, Teddy?
- Well, I had that root canal,
and on my way home...
- Uh-huh.
...I noticed my tires
were a little low...
- Uh-huh.
- ...so I went
and filled them up.
- Aw.
- Then I remembered
I was out of coffee filters
- and toilet paper...
- [sighs]
- ...so I swing by the store--
- Enough, enough!
Teddy, I can't
take this anymore.
Every year,
it gets sadder and sadder.
I'm sorry, I'm-I'm just not
a big birthday person.
Listen, you. Either next year
you do something nice
for your birthday
or I will make you.
Are you threatening me, Linda?
Promise me, Teddy.
- Promise me.
- Okay, okay, I promise.
So, what you doing this year?
It better be good.
You gonna do something
with Kathleen?
Eh, she's in Ireland
for a family reunion.
Dang it.
They're having it
in a town called Dingle.
I said, "So you're gonna
be a bunch of Dingle-lings?"
She didn't text me back.
Okay, Teddy,
a promise is a promise.
We're doing it here, birthday
party at the restaurant.
We're gonna have cupcakes
and a candle
and maybe we'll play
some party games.
Lin, too much. Grown man.
Okay, maybe just one round
of the limbo.
- Lin...
- Fine, maybe no games.
But yes, party. You hear me?
Okay, okay.
[phone ringing]
- Bob's Burgers.
- We got to cancel
the birthday thing.
- What?
- I'm going to a funeral.
- Vernon, the guy
who owns the place
that rents out jackhammers
and stuff to contractors?
Ow! Just cut myself shaving.
Anyway, he died. Heart attack.
And the service
is today at Mort's.
Oh, no. That's awful.
- Yeah.
- Well, maybe we can do
your birthday
- after the service?
- Eh...
I-I won't be in the mood
to celebrate anything.
I don't know why,
but funerals make me sad.
Maybe it's 'cause my dad
died at a funeral.
Next year, though. I-I promise.
- But what if--
- Oh, boy. Sorry Linda,
I-I got to go.
- Lot of blood here. Oh. [shouts]
- We could, we could do-- Ugh.
Whoa. That's too much sunscreen.
Uh, it-it feels like a lot.
- Teddy's canceling his party.
- I heard.
Uh, sorry you can't do the party
you were making him have.
Aw, poop. I got the cupcakes
from Devondorf's.
- Ooh.
- Well, we can still eat them.
The cupcakes don't know
it's not our birthday.
- Eh...
- Anyway, we have
a contest to win.
- Bye.
- [Tina] Bye.
Here's the first wave
for you to catch.
Get it? [chuckles]
I do. Thank you, Tina.
You know, we probably should
have practiced a little,
- boogie boarding.
- [laughs] Since when are we
a "practice things" type
of family?
Besides, if you were good
at boogie boarding,
- how hard can it be?
- Well, that's--
[Louise]
Look at driftwood.
It's doing it.
Is it... did it practice that?
[Bob]
Hmm, I mean,
it's not really the same.
What, you think
you're better than driftwood?
Most of it.
- Sure there're a few pieces
that are--
- All right.
Let's go pick out a board.
I can't with you.
Look at these conditions.
Beautiful, huge waves.
Just in time for
the Little Squirts Surf Shirts
Father-Daughter
Boogie Board Battle.
Oh, geez.
Come on, Dad.
Let's boogie, baby!
Oh, boy.
[Louise]
Okay, which one of you bad boys
is gonna win me a hundred bucks?
[high-pitched] Me, me.
[low-pitched] Me, me.
[regular pitch]
Okay, everyone settle down.
Hey, uh, I'm just gonna go talk
to the lifeguard real quick.
Trash-talk him? Kind of weird
to do it to the lifeguard,
but yeah, whatever pumps you up.
You want me to come?
No, I... I-I got it.
Uh, hi. How ya doing?
I was just wondering if--
Is someone taking into account
how big these waves are?
Yes. Don't worry.
The ocean is perfectly safe
today for you and your child.
Okay, but are you sure?
I mean, you're seeing
those waves, right?
Yes. I see the ocean.
Notice how my big chair
is pointed right at it?
- I see it at all times.
- But what about that wave?
I mean, look-look at that one.
Okay, not that one,
but, uh, there.
- That one. Right?
- Yeah.
Uh, okay, so, that one...
that one died down, too.
- Mm-hmm.
- Uh, hold on, just--
'Cause another big one is
coming any sec.
I can't wait.
Hey, Louise. I didn't know
you boogie-ed the boards.
I'm gonna boogie this board.
Did you bring a dad,
or are you gonna get a loaner?
Uh, no. My dad's here.
He's talking
to the announcer guy.
- He's trying
to pitch him a jingle.
- Is that a euphemism?
♪ Dum-dum-dum, who's the shirt
that's full of squirts? ♪
♪ Da-da-da, da, makes all
the jellyfish go berserk. ♪
- Oh, hi, Mr. B.
- Oh, hi, Courtney.
- Break a leg out there.
- Wha-What?
It's just an expression.
- God. [laughs]
- Oh. Right.
Uh, seems like we have a little
time before the contest starts.
Should we jump in so I can
master this sport real quick?
Yup. Yup.
Dah. Poor, dumb, old,
dead equipment rental guy
and his lousy timing.
Sorry, but-- Ugh. Teddy's never
gonna celebrate his birthday.
- Hey, there's always
next year, right?
- Yeah.
Teddy's friends aren't always
gonna die on his birthday.
And if they do,
we should probably move.
So, is anyone else thinking
it's weird
that we haven't
eaten those cupcakes yet?
- Ease into it, Gene.
- Too soon.
It's what
Teddy would have wanted.
So, yeah. Wait for the wave
to pick up the back of the board
and then kick like crazy.
Uh, here's one.
- Fun, right?
- Yeah.
If you like very slow rides
that only go six feet.
Oh, well, uh, yeah.
Dad, everyone is out there.
- Why are we here?
- Uh, you know the old saying.
"Water white? Doing all right.
Water... curl?
Uh, get out of there, girl."
- No, I've never heard that.
- Well, it's an old saying.
- And you're young.
- Really? Who said it?
Uh, Mark Twain. You know him?
- Never heard of him.
- He's a famous writer.
About surfing?
Some of it, yeah.
On the Mississippi.
But those waves are bigger.
I'm no oceanologist,
but wouldn't big waves make you
go farther and win the contest?
Uh, well, I mean,
some people might say that.
But others would say,
"Wave too big,
don't dance that jig."
- Mark Twain again?
- No, that's, uh... Jamiroquai.
Dad, where's the golden-boy
boogie-boarder from yesteryear?
'Cause I'd love to meet him.
[gasping loudly]
[Louise]
Come on, Dad!
Boogie your butt on out here!
Oh, boy.
[Gene]
Mom, the birthday party is gone.
But the cupcakes are here,
alive and well, and so are we.
Gene's right. It's time
to kill those cupcakes.
With-with our mouths.
All right. Fine.
Yay!
[entry bells jingling]
- Oh, uh, hold off
on the cupcakes.
- Damn it!
Oh, hey, Teddy.
You're here... with some people.
Yeah. Handymen and handywoman.
I'm Joyce, the handyma'am.
Ha. I love it.
Aw, but sorry about your friend.
Linda, you remember Glenn,
and this is Lou.
- Hi, Lou.
- Hello.
So, did Teddy tell you
it's his bir--
Uh, we're just here to have
a beer and talk about Vernon.
- That's all.
- Okay. Okay.
[sniffles] I didn't think
I was gonna get so broken up.
Yeah, you cried loudly
at the service.
- Super loud.
- Aw.
Hey, this round's on the house.
Some beer for your tears.
And... maybe some fries
for your cries?
Oh, okay. Yeah, sounds good.
- Lots of fries.
- Kids, uh, give me a hand.
[whispering]
Secret meeting.
Mom forgot how to use the fryer.
[whispering]
So embarrassing.
Listen,
I think we can work with this.
Teddy and his friends will talk
about Vernon,
they'll get sick of that,
and then they'll be ready
to move on
to something a little more fun.
Are you sure that's what they--
Tina, you are this close to
not being invited to the party.
- Got it. Got it.
- Aah!
- Not yet.
- But soon.
Louise, are you sure
you don't want to go back
to where we were?
Loserville? No.
Ooh, look at this one!
Let's catch it.
No, that--
It looks pretty big.
- Let's duck under it.
- Ugh.
- [panting]
- Ah, come on.
We should have taken it!
No, that-that wave was, um,
- gross.
- Gross?
Yeah. Squishy and gross.
Those are technical terms.
Uh, you'll learn it all later.
Oh, ho, ho,
here comes another good one!
- Louise, I don't think--
- I'm going for it!
- No, no, no. No!
- Yes, yes, yes.
[whooping]
That was amazing.
Dad, did you see me?!
Yeah. G-Good, uh, job with it.
Why didn't you tell me
that oceans are like
free roller coasters,
and not just big, stinky,
wet places where fish pee?
Oh, you know,
Louise, they also poop.
There's less poop
closer to shore.
It's the-the jet stream,
I think, so--
Okay,
why are you being so weird?
Weird? I'm not being weird.
Is this about your incident
or accident
or whatever
Mom was talking about?
- I mean--
- Just tell me what happened.
Okay. Okay. Uh, it was a big
wave day, like today.
I had a bunch
of really good rides,
and then, this huge wave just
rolled me
and pounded me against the sand.
And I-I couldn't get up. I...
I-I couldn't get my head up.
- [gasping]
- A lifeguard had to pull me out.
- [Louise] Oh.
- [Bob] And when
he dragged me onto the beach,
I realized
the wave had completely
pulled my bathing suit down.
- What's that?
- It's a penis.
- No, it's not.
- Don't look at me!
Wait, but didn't Mom say
you were in, like,
six inches of water?
Ugh. Yes, she loves
to point that out,
but it doesn't matter
if it's six feet or six inches.
When a wave is pounding you,
you don't even know
which way is up or if
you're ever gonna breathe again.
Oh.
But, uh, that was just,
like, one time.
And, you know, I didn't die.
As you can see.
Right here. Hello. So,
I'm sure everything
will go fine today,
and we will also not die.
So, uh, go team?
Heads up, boogie boys and girls.
The contest is about
to kick off, and lucky us,
these waves just keep getting
bigger and bigger.
Yeah. Lucky us.
[chuckles nervously]
- Whee!
- I think we're
the cutest ones here.
So, you ready?
Uh, how-how you feeling?
Oh, you mean after
the worst pep talk ever?
Yeah, that-that was bad.
I'm sorry about that.
"Hey, we're competing
in this thing,
"here's a graphic story about
how I almost drowned doing it,
but, uh, have fun, sport."
I didn't call you "sport."
Could-could we just pretend
like I never said anything?
Like you had to do with Gene
after you guys had the sex talk?
What? No...!
Yes, like that.
You know what?
I'm fine. I can do this.
Plus, it's a hundred bucks
if we win,
which we will because
I'm incredible at this.
[announcer]
All right guys,
here's how the
contest is gonna work:
You've all been
assigned to groups.
Heat one, heat two
and heat three.
You're gonna ride a wave,
then wait on the beach
till we call your heat again.
We're gonna do that three times.
Our judges
will be awarding points
for longest distance,
technical form,
and boogiest boarding.
Thanks for ordering
all these big waves, Daddy.
Just kidding.
I know they're from a storm
or the Moon or something.
[laughs] Good.
I need you to focus,
okay, Court?
[Glenn]
And remember
when Vernon started
charging more for
the 36-inch trencher
than he did for
the 48-inch trencher?
Yes, I noticed that
and asked him, what gives?
And he said
more people want the 36.
- More people want the 36.
- [laughter]
- Listen to that.
They're coming out of it.
The energy is picking up,
the mood is shifting.
I think we're good to go.
Uh, I don't know.
Gene, go hold the door open,
watch for my signal.
Then you signal Tina.
Tina, you go light the candle
and bring
the cupcakes out, okay?
I don't like my job.
I feel like I should
bring the cupcakes out.
No, do it like I said.
You're not good with lighters.
They should make lighters
that are easier for kids.
Kid lighters.
Shh, get in position.
I also have party hats
and noisemakers,
but let's wait and see
on those, okay?
Ah, that was a nice service.
Very nice.
- The exact right length.
- [Joyce] Yup.
- [lighter clicks]
- [Lou] But his poor wife,
- she's all alone now.
- [Teddy] Right.
- [Tina blows out candle]
- [Teddy] Yeah, she did say
something about
taking a cruise later this year.
[Lou]
Oh. Well, that's nice.
- [lighter clicks]
- [Joyce] Yeah, well, it was
the cruise they were supposed
to take together.
[Glenn]
Their 50th anniversary cruise.
- [Teddy] Yeah...
- [Tina] Damn it. [blows]
Okay, Linda.
Let's turn this around.
Ah, life. Huh? Am I right?
- Yeah.
- Yup.
Speaking of life, uh,
today's Teddy's birthday.
Eh...
- You don't say.
- [Glenn] What?
- Oh, no kidding.
- [Glenn] Huh.
Ah, uh...
Oh, it's good
to celebrate a little.
No, no, no. No, no.
- Yeah.
- No.
Yeah, you gotta, you know.
All right. Uh, bring out
the cupcakes. Tina, hurry.
♪ Happy... ♪
[Glenn cries]
I'm sorry, sorry.
Crap.
Thanks, Linda.
You have to blow it out
or the wax will, um...
I-I'll do it.
[whispering]
I wish this day would end.
Yep, could not get any worse.
- Hello.
- [grumpily] Oh, great.
- I mean, hi. Mort.
- Ooh, cupcakes.
[Gene]
Get your own!
[announcer]
Heads up, fathers and daughters
in heat two, these monster
waves are for you.
You ready, Dad?
And is your bathing suit
properly secured? [chuckles]
Heh. Yes. Kind of.
This one?
- Um...
- Whoa. [laughs]
Uh, let's do it.
Paddle. Kick. Go.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm doing it.
Oh, oh.
Heh. Well, that was all right.
Yeah, that-that-that
wasn't that bad.
Yeah, if we rode it any farther,
we'd need a plane ticket
to get back.
Um, this one?
Uh, yeah.
Whoa, whoa.
- Whoa!
- Louise!
[muffled shouting]
[gasps]
What the hell was that?
- You okay?
- Yeah.
Does your chin hurt?
It looks like you scraped it.
It's-it's fine. I'm fine.
Besides, what's
a tiny little bit
of drowning every now and then?
S-Sure.
You want to make an omelet,
you gotta hold a few eggs
under water until they choke
and scrape their chins, right?
Uh...
Okay. All right. [groans]
You know what though?
- I don't need a hundred bucks.
- What?
Yeah, I'll easily
make that much myself.
Over a few decades.
Maybe we should just
call it, huh?
Oh, really? [stammers]
- You want to leave?
- Yeah, I think I'm good
on ocean stuff for now.
It's big, it's dumb. I get it.
I mean, i-if that's
what you want, okay.
It is. Yeah, let's go home.
All right.
- ♪ Little squirt ♪
- Yeah.
- ♪ Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh ♪
- ♪ Buh-buh-buh ♪
♪ You've got the cutest
little surfer shirt ♪
♪ Squirt, squirt, squirt ♪
♪ You've got the cutest
little surfer shirt ♪
- ♪ Squirt, squirt, squirt ♪
- [scatting]
♪ Squirt, squirt, squirt, heh ♪
♪ Squirt, squirt, squirt ♪
♪ A-squirt, squirt, squirt. ♪
- Yeah.
- I think we're
getting somewhere.
[Louise]
That was the right move. Right?
Know when to call it quits.
Not that we're quitters.
We're smart. We're smart-ers.
Uh-huh. Yup.
They're all gonna die.
I mean, hopefully not.
They're gonna die,
they're gonna die.
They might make it,
but they'll be traumatized.
[Bob sighs]
[noisemaker blows]
- What?
- Well,
I think I'm gonna head out.
- Happy birthday, Teddy.
- Oh.
Yeah, I'm gonna shove off, too.
Happy birthday, Teddy.
Yeah, thanks for having us?
I didn't, uh...
Yup. [groans]
Uh... uh, wait.
Uh, we haven't
had ice cream yet.
You get free ice cream
on your birthday, right?
What? No, no.
Just Teddy gets
free ice cream, or...
All of you.
You-you all get free ice cream.
I'd stay for
a little soft serve.
I'd stay for a lot
of soft serve.
And sprinkles?
I mean, not-not a deal-breaker,
but if you have 'em...
Do we have to have ice cream?
- Shh.
- What? I'd have a tea.
Oh, this damn thing again.
Come on, come on...
Huh. My uncle
has a diner up in Hillsboro.
This happens
with his soft serve.
It's probably the flow screw.
Eh, I'd say it's more likely
there's just a buildup in there.
I told the machine
it needed more fiber.
I'm just saying,
we should pry the cap off
the dispensing hole
and poke around.
No, no, start with
the flow screw.
Wow, handy people
with their handy tools.
This place has turned into
a real handy-land.
Oh, wait. Um, why don't we
make a little game out of it?
- Huh?
- Eh?
A little party game. Come on.
Linda, just, don't.
No more party talk.
A game? I like games.
- I'd play... Yeah.
- All right.
A game best served soft.
Joyce gets it.
- Whose kids are those?
- I don't know.
You know where
you don't die of drowning?
On the land.
There's a 99% chance
you won't drown in the ocean
when you're on land.
Hey, uh, I just want to say,
Louise, again, I'm sorry
I told you
my boogie boarding story
while you were boogie boarding.
For the first time.
I'm glad you told me that story.
That story saved our sad lives.
But... I mean, I did have fun.
When I wasn't drowning.
I know. I mean, I-I saw you.
I actually
had a lot of fun, too.
I... I like boogie boarding.
Whoo-hoo!
Linda, did you see that?
Mm-hmm. That was great.
What's happening?
Why are we stopping?
What if we go back?
Go back? To the beach?
I think if we hurry,
we can make it back for...
for our third wave.
What? So now
you're fine with dying?
You know, Jamiroquai
and Mark Twain also said,
um, don't not do fun stuff
'cause your dad
got scared one time.
Look, I'm glad you got me
back in the water,
back on the boogie board.
I should have done that
right away after my... incident.
I-I missed a ton of waves.
And a lot of chances
to show your penis?
Right.
So, uh, What do you say?
More to the left.
- Here?
- No, left, left.
Wait, is my left your right?
We're facing the same direction.
So my left is your...
- Left.
- No, but you're behind me.
- Yes.
- Put up your left hand.
- Here.
- That's your left hand?
It's the same as your left hand.
- [bell dings]
- Sorry, time's up.
Joyce and Lou,
get in there. Go on.
You're going down, birthday boy.
[Lou]
This is a great game.
What else can we fix?
I have an old Honda.
I've got a casket
I can't get open.
- Mort.
- What?
There's no one in it.
I don't think.
Hey. My little
boogie beavers are back.
- How'd it go?
- Oh, I don't know,
how about...
we got fourth place?
Oh, that's great!
- Yeah.
- Oh, your face.
Eh, it's nothing.
I mean, I almost died,
and I wanted to quit,
but then I learned from
Dad's many mistakes
and said,
"No, we gotta go back."
- [Bob] We both said it.
- I said it better.
And we rode
our final wave to fourth place,
which is a Belcher first place.
[Bob]
Partially thanks
to me doing a 360,
which I definitely
did on purpose.
And not only did I get
this intimidating scar,
we got these
for coming in fourth.
Ooh.
Perfect for the opera.
Well, how about some
fourth place ice cream?
- Yeah!
- As soon as
our ice cream machine is fixed.
Yeah, what's happening here?
Handypeople party games.
Yeah, Dad.
Haven't you ever been to
a handypeople
funeral/birthday party?
- That's it. Look at that.
- Whoa, whoa.
- Is it...
- We've got ice cream
- Aw, c'mon.
- We got it. We win!
All right!
I have to admit, this is nice,
being celebrated a little bit.
Thanks for
making this happen, Linda,
even though I told you
so many times not to.
Aw, you're worth it, Teddy.
And, yes,
I was right about everything.
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
Oh, no, you don't have to
Okay, you're doing it.
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday, dear Teddy ♪
♪ Happy birthday ♪
♪ To you ♪
[Linda]
♪ And Mandy Moore. ♪
And, Vernon, sorry you're dead.
[scatting]
♪ Little squirt ♪
- ♪ Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh ♪
- ♪ Squirt, squirt, squirt ♪
♪ You've got the cutest
little surfer shirt ♪
- ♪ Hey, squirt, squirt, squirt ♪
- ♪ You've got the cutest ♪
- ♪ Little surfer shirt ♪
- ♪ Squirt, squirt, squirt ♪
- Yeah, yeah.
- ♪ You've got the cutest ♪
♪ Little surfer shirt ♪
- ♪ Squirt-squirt,
squirt-squirt ♪
- [scatting]
♪ Squirt, ha,
squirt-squirt, squirt ♪
[both]
♪ Little squirt ♪
Let me add the bass.
Here we go, and...
[both]
♪ Little squirt ♪
- [scatting]
- Dad, you're still
just a hair sharp.
- If you try to just...
- You're absolutely right.
[both]
♪ Little-- ♪
[Doug] You know it's, though,
it's the key is too high.
Captioning sponsored by
BENTO BOX ENTERTAINMENT
and TOYOTA.